
There was two businessmen, whose names happened to be Mr Turtle and Mr Carrot,
and one day as they were coming back from lunch Mr Turtle says to Mr Carrot,
"You know, you're getting fat", to which Mr Carrot says "You're not so slim
yourself!."  So Mr Turtle says "OK, we'll see who is the least fit, race you
back to the office"  So the race starts, and they'd only got about a block down
the street when Mr Turtle crosses the road in front of a car and gets bowled.
Mr Carrot sees that he's in a pretty bad way, so he rushes to the phone and
calls Mr Cabbage, the ambulance driver.  Mr Cabbage duly arrives and piles Mr
Turtle into the Ambulance and rushes to hospital.  Mr Turtle follows and as soon
as he gets to the Hospital he asks the nurse at Accident and Emergency,  Miss
Cauliflower, whether he will be alright.  "Miss Cauliflower, Miss Cauliflower,
will Mr Turtle be alright?" she replies "Well, i couldn't really say, you'll
have to ask Dr Bean."  So he rushes over to Doctor Bean and says, "Doctor Bean,
Doctor Bean, will Mr Turtle be alright?" and the Doctor says "Well, I wouldn't
like to say, you'd best ask the specialist, Doctor Pea", so of course, Mr Carrot
rushes over to Doctor Pea and says "Doctor Pea, Doctor Pea, will Mr Turtle be
alright?", and Doctor Pea says "I've done all I can for him, it's all in the
hands of the Surgeon, Dr Turnip"  So Mr Carrot waits outside the surgery for 3
hours until they have finished the operation, and rushes up to Dr Turnip and
says "Doctor Turnip, Doctor Turnip, will Mr Turtle be alright?" and Dr Turnip
turns to him and says "We did all we could, but I'm afraid he'll be a vegetable
for the rest of his life..."

