
Your Favorite Color Is The Key To Your Sexual Life

Red
   Tend to be tigers in the sack.  They are easily aroused and enjoy sex in
every way imaginable.  Once the sexual spark is lighted, it may take hours to
extinguish.  When two Reds get together, the ensuing erotica could make Lady
Chatterley blush.  Lovers of Red tend to be the aggressors and weaker colors
should beware!

Yellow
   If you tend to favor Yellow your sexual drivers are complex and lean toward
the adaptable.  The favorite color of homosexuals is Yellow!  No don't panic -
not everyone who wears Yellow is gay.  In most cases the person will acquiesce
to the stronger partner's desires in a passive manner.  You will never enjoy sex
to the fullest, but you will never turn down an invitation from someone you
enjoy or admire.

Purple
   Lovers of the color Purple frequently consider themselves too regal for a
fun romp in the sack.  Women sometimes are the type who hate to muss their hair.
Men are businesslike in their approach to lovemaking.  In both sexes, Purple
partners are more concerned with their fulfillment than anyone else's
gratification.

Black
   Black color preferences point to Black sex.  These people are the misfits of
the sex world and seek out each other in kinship.  They tend to prefer perverted
sex and are usually masochistic or sadistic in nature.  They are moody people
and often perform at their peak when under stress or during unhappy times.
Police psychiatrists claim that many sex offenders prefer the color Black.  And
it is no coincidence that the uniform of monsters and teenaged gangs is Black
attire.

Green
   Those who prefer Green are fresh and innocent in their approach to sex.
Women who love Green will make love like virgins all of their life.  And a man
may always be a trifle clumsy and awkward, but in a charming and endearing sort
of way.  Green lovers are gentle, but not passionate.  If chosen as a mate, one
will never need worry about infidelity.

Pink
   Persons who like Pink show a reluctance to mature in sexual matters.  Women
tend to tease; to promise more than they intend to deliver.  In some cases, they
flaunt their femininity - but because they secretly hate men. A great percentage
of prostitutes boast entire lingerie wardrobes in Pink.  Men who like Pink are
philanderers and flirts.  They are the type who will take three dates for the
same evening and not keep one; preferring to pick up a dish in some bar,
instead.  Women whose husbands like Pink should keep a secret nest egg for when
they are deserted.  Pink indicates a tendency to squander money.

Orange
   People who favor Orange tend to have sexual fantasies.  The sex act is
regarded as a dramatic role, a one-act play in which they are the star. Foreplay
is as important as the act of love.  They whisper sweet nothings; meaningless
dialogue they feel fits their image.  Orange people often do not experience
orgasm, but they put on a darn good act.  Men tend to pull their partner's hair
and women leave red welts on their sex partners back.  But the bruises and the
ballyhoo add up to nothing.

Brown
   If you love Brown, you are a real treasure for the right mate.  Brown lovers
tend to be warm and deep.  Sensitive to the needs and desires of their partners.
Sex is a 24-hour a day thing to them.  They can't say "I Love You" often enough.
Snuggling by the fire, walking in the rain or catching snowflakes on their
tongue is a turn on to a lover of Brown.  They need lots of time and privacy to
make love. But their emotions are such that one harsh word could end the affair.

Gray
   The color Gray is preferred by people who are indecisive.  They can't get
excited about anything - including colors - so they choose a noncommittal
shade.  Men who prefer Gray look at sex as a means of relieving tension,
(nothing more, nothing less).  It's wham, bam, thank you ma'am.  Women who
prefer Gray don't make love, they have intercourse.  And for one of two reasons,
to accommodate their mate or to become pregnant.  They count the cracks in the
bedroom plaster until the sex act is over with and done.  When a Gray marries
another Gray, the marriage is made in heaven.  But when teamed with another
color, the Gray spouse considers the color's infidelity a blessing.

Blue
   Lovers of Blue are wonderful sex partners. They are sincere, affectionate and
sensitive to their partners needs. They consider lovemaking a fine art and their
approach is elegant.  Men who love Blue are like concert pianists; delicately
ravaging their partner like they would play a baby grand.  Women in the Blue
category enjoy sex to the fullest. They are exciting partners, but their passion
might be compared to tidal waves rather than fiery aggression.  Both men and
women enjoy foreplay and the aftermath of love-making as much as the sex act
itself. In marriage, a Blue person is a wonderful mate - never failing to please
the spouse and never seeking outside interests.

White
   If a person in infatuated with White, sex often seems dirty.  These people
are puritanical in nature.  French kissing is obscene and to make love in
daylight in unheard of.  Women who love White will undress beneath the covers.
Men will shower before and after the sex act.  These people will use pet names
for their genitals.

