
   A little old lady walked into the head branch of the Chase Manhattan Bank
holding a large paper bag in her hand.  She told the young man at the window
that she wished to take the 3 million she had in the bag and open an account
with the bank.  She said that first, though, she wished to meet the president of
Chase Manhattan Bank due to the amount of money involved.  The teller seemed to
think that was a reasonable request and after opening the paper bag and seeing
the bundles of 1,000 bills which amounted to right around 3 million, telephoned
the bank's secretary to obtain an appointment for the lady.
   The lady was escorted upstairs and ushered into the president's office.
Introductions were made and she stated that she would like to get to know the
people she did business with on a more personal level.  The bank president then
asked her where she came into such a large amount of money. "Was it an
inheritance?" he asked. "No." she answered.  "Was it from playing the stock
market?"  "No." she replied.  He was quiet for a minute, trying to think of
where this little old lady could possibly come into 3 million.  "I bet." she
stated.  "You bet?" repeated the bank president.  "As in horses?"  "No." she
replied, "I bet people."  Seeing his confusion, she explained that she justs
bets different things with people.  All of a sudden she said, "I'll bet you
$25,000.00 that by 10:00 o'clock tomorrow morning, your balls will be square."
The bank president figured she must be off her rocker and decided to take her up
on the bet.  He didn't see how he could lose.  For the rest of the day, the bank
president was very careful.  He decided to stay home that evening and take no
chances; there was $25,000.00 at stake.
   When he got up in the morning and took his shower, he checked to make sure
everything was okay.  There was no difference- he looked the same as he always
had.  He went to work and waited for the little old lady to come in at 10:00
o'clock, humming as he went.  He knew this would be a good day- how often do you
get handed $25,000.00 for doing nothing.  At 10:00 o'clock sharp the little old
lady was shown into his office.  With her was a younger man. When he inquired as
to the man's purpose for being there, she informed him that he was her lawyer
and she always took him along when there was this much money involved.  "Well,"
she asked, "what about our bet?"  "I don't know how to tell you this," he
replied, "but I am the same as I've always been only $25,000.00 richer."  The
lady seemed to accept this, but requested that she be able to see for herself.
The bank president thought this was reasonable and dropped his trousers. She
instructed him to bend over and then grabbed a hold of him.  Sure enough,
everything was fine.  The bank president then looked up and saw her lawyer
standing across the room banging his head against the wall.  "What' wrong with
him?" he inquired.  "Oh him,"  she replied, "I bet him $100,000.00 that by 10:00
o'clock this morning that I'd have the president of Chase Manhattan Bank by the
balls."

