
One night in the pub, the publican is lamenting the fact that business is so
quiet on Mondays, Tuesdays and Wednesdays.  As he moans to some of the regulars
a stranger, dressed in a tweed jacket and wearing glasses wanders over and says,
"I'm sorry, but I couldn't help overhearing your conversation.  I'm a doctor at
the lunatic asylum up the road and I'm trying to integrate some of the more sane
individuals into the community.  Why don't I bring some of my patients along,
say next Tuesday.  You'll have some customers and my patients will have a night
out." Well, the publican isn't sure but the thought of more paying customers on
a quiet night appeals, so he agrees.  So, the following Tuesday the guy in the
tweed jacket and glasses shows up with about ten lunatics.  He says to the
publican, "Give them whatever they want, put it on a tab and I'll settle up at
closing time." The publican has a great time selling loads of drinks and
encouraging the loonies to eat crisps and peanuts.  The loonies have a great
time, getting drunk but they behave themselves.  At closing time the publican
adds up the bill and it comes to just over a hundred pounds!  The guy with the
glasses and the tweed jacket starts to organize the loonies ready to take them
back to the asylum.  Finally he comes over and asks for the bill.  The publican,
feeling that he's charged them rather a lot and feeling he should do his bit to
help these poor unfortunate people gives him a discount. "Its eighty quid," he
says.  The guy in the tweed jacket smiles and says, "That's fine.  Have you got
change for a dustbin lid?"

