
A man went to a doctor.  Some say he went there to have an operation to become
Polish; others say he wanted to become an Aggie; there's yet another faction who
claims that he wanted to work at the post office; still others say he wanted to
make his hair permanently blond.  Regardless, the doctor asked him why, and he
said it was something he always wanted to do, how he wanted to be able to relate
to his friends, all of whom I suppose were blond Polish graduates of Texas A&M
who had found jobs at the local P. O.  Anyway, the doctor asked him his IQ, and
when he gave a three-digit reply, the doctor told him that the procedure would
have to involve the removal of over half of his brain.  The man insisted, and
since the doctor just happened to have a brand new laser device which could zap
just the right portions of brain tissue (a product of Scar Wars technology, I
suppose), the operation was planned.  The laser was hooked up to a computer
which could monitor the man's declining IQ on a nice LED display.  The doctor
threw the switch and the numbers began ticking off.  95, 94, 93...  Suddenly the
phone rang.  It was the doctor's wife.  They gabbed for minutes on end, the
doctor forgetting completely about his patient.  When he hung up, he suddenly
realized, and ran into the operating room, only to see the meter tick down: 6,
5, 4...  He ran to the machine and threw the on/off switch, just as the laser
was about to wipe out the last remnant of brain.  "Jesus, Matty and Felipe!"
exclaimed the doctor, "What have I done?  Speak to me!  Say anything!!"  The man
looked at him and said, "Hi, you're watching MTV, and we just heard..."

