
A certain lawyer was quite wealthy and had a summer house in the country, to
which he retreated for several weeks of the year.  Each summer, the lawyer would
invite a different friend of his (no, that's not the punch line) to spend a week
or two up at this place, which happened to be in a backwoods section of Maine.
On one particular occasion, he invited a Czechoslovakian friend to stay with
him.  The friend, eager to get a freebee off a lawyer, agreed.  Well, they had a
splendid time in the country - rising early and living in the great outdoors.
Early one morning, the lawyer and his Czechoslovakian companion went out to pick
berries for their morning breakfast.  As they went around the berry patch,
gathering blueberries and raspberries in tremendous quantities, along came two
huge Bears - a male and a female.  Well, the lawyer, seeing the two bears,
immediately dashed for cover.  His friend, though, wasn't so lucky, and the male
bear reached him and swallowed him whole.  The lawyer ran back to his Mercedes,
tore into town as fast has he could, and got the local backwoods sheriff.  The
sheriff grabbed his shotgun and dashed back to the berry patch with the lawyer.
Sure enough, the two bears were still there.  "He's in THAT one!" cried the
lawyer, pointing to the male, while visions of lawsuits from his friend's family
danced in his head.  He just had to save his friend.  The sheriff looked at the
bears, and without batting an eye, leveled his gun, took careful aim, and SHOT
THE FEMALE.  "Whatdya do that for!" exclaimed the lawyer, "I said he was in the
other!" "Exactly," replied the sheriff, "and would YOU believe a lawyer who told
you that the Czech was in the Male?"

