
   Sam Cohen, father of 3 and faithful husband for over 40 years, unexpectedly
drops dead one day.  His lawyer informs his widow that Stu Schwartz, Sam's best
friend since childhood, is to be executor of the will.  The day comes to divide
Sam's earthly possessions, over a million dollars' worth.  In front of Sam's
family, Stu reads the will:
   "Stu, if you're reading this, then I must be dead.  You've were such a good
friend for so long, how can I ignore you in this will?  On the other hand, there
are my beloved Sophie and my children to be looked after.  Stu, I know you can
make sure my family is taken care of properly.  So Stu, give what you want to
her and take the rest for yourself."  Stu then looks at the survivors and tells
them that, in accordance with Sam's instructions, Stu will give fifty thousand
dollars to Sam's widow.  The rest he is retaining for himself.
   The family is beside itself.  "This is impossible!  Forty years of marriage
and then *this*?!  It can't be!"  So the family sues.  Their day in court
arrives, and after testimony from both sides, the judge gives his verdict:  "To
Stuart Schwartz, I award fifty thousand dollars of the contested money.  The
remainder shall go to Sophie Cohen, widow of the deceased."  Needless to say,
the family is elated, but Stu is dumbfound.  "Your honor, how can you do this?
The will made Sam's wishes quite clear:  'Give what you want to her and take the
rest for yourself!'  I wanted the lion's share!  What gives?"
   The judge answered back, "Mr. Schwartz, Sam Cohen knew you his whole life.
He wanted to give you something in gratitude.  He also wanted to see his family
taken care of.  So he drew up his will accordingly.  But you misread his
instructions.  You see, Sam knew just what kind of a person you are, so with his
family's interest in mind, he didn't say, "give what you want to her and keep
the rest for yourself.'  No.  What Sam said was, "Give what YOU want to HER; and
keep the rest for yourself."

